1. Yes

2. Social - Social tasks are primarily what I am assigned so I feel very confident in my abilities to create and post hyperlocal and engagement posts. I have made a few typos in post but I have not had many issues meeting expectations.
Content - I also feel confident in my content writing skills. I have been assigned a few rewrites but have learned the importance of using keywords from Places Scout, character limits and adding important details to target SEO ranking.
Reputation - I feel confident in meeting the expectations for the Reputation department as well. When we were previously sending emails for approvals of review responses the majority of Property Managers approved my responses. I feel very comfortable both writing responses for both negative and positive reviews and posting them to Yelp, FB and Google.
Verifications - I feel mostly confident in my abilities to do Bing verifications. I understand that properties need to be verified in order to improve SEO. I feel comfortable sending out postcards and follow up emails as well as updating the Salesforce view, checking PM emails, and contacting the CSM to check if PM info is correct. I feel that I could work on Apple and Google verifications as I have not much experience with those.

3. Checking the GMB accounts for SEO1 and SEO2 as well as their corresponding emails has been an addition to initial duties. I have made efforts to check these accounts daily. Other tasks have been assigned amongst my usual expected task, such as the Social Media Summit Ad that I created for Tasha, however I feel that I have been able to complete each task and have not had any tasks left uncompleted or past due.

4. My strengths include my ability to focus and complete tasks thoroughly and in a timely manner so no tasks are left overdue. Another is my ability to pay attention to detail so there is little error which is important for all tasks for Reputation, Social, Content and Verifications. I also have strengths in communicating with each department whenever I run into an issue with a task or need to clarify information.

5. One weakness that I have is speaking during meetings and a general discomfort with public speaking however I do not feel it has impacted my job because I continue to make efforts to overcome the discomfort and bring my points up in meetings.

6. I am very grateful that ApartmentSEO supports continued learning with Udemy classes and other educational training like the Fair Housing meeting. I would like to continue do online learning courses to learn more about SEO, Ad campaigns and web development. 

7. My expectation for the evaluation period would be to discuss my performance and establish future positions in either the CM department or the web developer team.

8. I feel that my job performance has been outstanding. I have enjoyed all aspects of my job and even special projects such as creating the Social Media Summit Ad and Legal entity project. I feel that these projects reflect that I am creative, thorough and efficient in my work. 

9. I feel that the only challenge I have encountered that prevented me from effectively completing task would be not receiving media posts from the social department on time. I was not able to complete all of the hyperlocal posts from 2/6 before the due date and had to work with Aimee in order to have them posted on time. While this challenge isn't solely based on my job performance it can be overcome by improving coordination with the Social team and continuing to work diligently.

10. My long term professional goal is to be come a full stack web developer. While I am interested in moving into a potential web developer position with iZone, Eileen has discussed moving into the CM team where I would be able to work with updates on the backend and learn more about SEO and ad campaigns. I feel like learning these skills will be a good start to learning about backend development and compliment the skills I learned from my front end web develop bootcamp.

11. I feel that Eileen has already been extremely helpful and I'm grateful for her insight and guidance. To be most helpful I feel that she can continue to help me make the next steps to move into either the CM team or web developer position.

12. What would the process be to move into a future position with the company?

13. Outstanding. 